---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "azureadb2c_organizational_branding_localization Resource - azureadb2c"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource that supports managing language-specific branding. While you can't change your original configuration's language, this resource allows you to create a new configuration for a different language.
---

# azureadb2c_organizational_branding_localization (Resource)

Resource that supports managing language-specific branding. While you can't change your original configuration's language, this resource allows you to create a new configuration for a different language.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) An identifier that represents the locale specified using culture names. Culture names follow the RFC 1766 standard in the format "languagecode2-country/regioncode2", where "languagecode2" is a lowercase two-letter code derived from ISO 639-1 and 'country/regioncode2' is an uppercase two-letter code derived from ISO 3166. For example, U.S. English is en-US. Use "0" to manage the default branding.

### Optional

- `background_color` (String) Color that appears in place of the background image in low-bandwidth connections. We recommend that you use the primary color of your banner logo or your organization color. Specify this in hexadecimal format, for example, white is #FFFFFF.
- `background_image` (String) Image that appears as the background of the sign-in page. The allowed types are PNG or JPEG not smaller than 300 KB and not larger than 1920 × 1080 pixels. A smaller image will reduce bandwidth requirements and make the page load faster.
- `banner_logo` (String) A banner version of your company logo that appears on the sign-in page. The allowed types are PNG or JPEG not larger than 36 × 245 pixels. We recommend using a transparent image with no padding around the logo.
- `sign_in_page_text` (String) Text that appears at the bottom of the sign-in box. Use this to communicate additional information, such as the phone number to your help desk or a legal statement. This text must be in Unicode format and not exceed 1024 characters.
- `square_logo_dark` (String) A square dark version of your company logo that appears in Windows 10 out-of-box experiences (OOBE) and when Windows Autopilot is enabled for deployment. Allowed types are PNG or JPEG not larger than 240 x 240 pixels and not more than 10 KB in size. We recommend using a transparent image with no padding around the logo.
- `square_logo_light` (String) A square version of your company logo that appears in Windows 10 out-of-box experiences (OOBE) and when Windows Autopilot is enabled for deployment. Allowed types are PNG or JPEG not larger than 240 x 240 pixels and not more than 10 KB in size. We recommend using a transparent image with no padding around the logo.
- `username_hint_text` (String) A string that shows as the hint in the username textbox on the sign-in screen. This text must be a Unicode, without links or code, and can't exceed 64 characters.

### Read-Only

- `background_image_url` (String) The URL to the background image
- `banner_logo_url` (String) The URL to the banner logo
- `square_logo_dark_url` (String) The URL to the square logo (dark)
- `square_logo_light_url` (String) The URL to the square logo (light)
