---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "azureadb2c_trustframework_keyset_certificate Resource - azureadb2c"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages certificates in Azure AD B2C Policy Keys. Example: SAML application https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory-b2c/saml-service-provider?tabs=windows&pivots=b2c-custom-policy#upload-the-certificate
---

# azureadb2c_trustframework_keyset_certificate (Resource)

Manages certificates in Azure AD B2C Policy Keys. Example: [SAML application](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory-b2c/saml-service-provider?tabs=windows&pivots=b2c-custom-policy#upload-the-certificate)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "azureadb2c_trustframework_keyset_certificate" "example" {
  key_set = {
    id = "B2C_1A_ExampleContainer"
  }

  certificate = "<a base54 encoded pkcs12 certificate>"
  password    = "<the cert passphrase"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `certificate` (String) Base64 encoded pkcs12 certificate
- `password` (String) The certificate passphrase

### Optional

- `key_set` (Attributes) Key set data (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--key_set))

<a id="nestedatt--key_set"></a>
### Nested Schema for `key_set`

Optional:

- `id` (String) The id of the keyset
- `name` (String) The name of the keyset

Read-Only:

- `keys` (Attributes List) Represents a list of JWK (JSON Web Key). TrustFrameworkKey is a JSON data structure that represents a cryptographic key. The structure of this resource follows the format defined in RFC 7517 Section 4. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--key_set--keys))

<a id="nestedatt--key_set--keys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `key_set.keys`

Read-Only:

- `e` (String, Sensitive) RSA Key - public exponent
- `exp` (Number, Sensitive) This value is a NumericDate as defined in RFC 7519 (A JSON numeric value representing the number of seconds from 1970-01-01T00:00:00Z UTC until the specified UTC date/time, ignoring leap seconds.)
- `kid` (String) The unique identifier for the key.
- `kty` (String) The kty (key type) parameter identifies the cryptographic algorithm family used with the key, The valid values are rsa, oct.
- `n` (String, Sensitive) RSA Key - modulus
- `nbf` (Number, Sensitive) This value is a NumericDate as defined in RFC 7519 (A JSON numeric value representing the number of seconds from 1970-01-01T00:00:00Z UTC until the specified UTC date/time, ignoring leap seconds.)
- `use` (String) The use (public key use) parameter identifies the intended use of the public key. The use parameter is employed to indicate whether a public key is used for encrypting data or verifying the signature on data. Possible values are: sig (signature), enc (encryption)
- `x5c` (List of String, Sensitive) The x5c (X.509 certificate chain) parameter contains a chain of one or more PKIX certificates RFC 5280.
- `x5t` (String, Sensitive) The x5t (X.509 certificate SHA-1 thumbprint) parameter is a base64url-encoded SHA-1 thumbprint (also known as digest) of the DER encoding of an X.509 certificate RFC 5280.
