---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "azureadb2c_trustframework_keyset_key Resource - azureadb2c"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represents a JWK (JSON Web Key). TrustFrameworkKey is a JSON data structure that represents a cryptographic key. The structure of this resource follows the format defined in RFC 7517 Section 4.
---

# azureadb2c_trustframework_keyset_key (Resource)

Represents a JWK (JSON Web Key). TrustFrameworkKey is a JSON data structure that represents a cryptographic key. The
structure of this resource follows the format defined in RFC 7517 Section 4.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "azureadb2c_trustframework_keyset" "example" {
  name = "example"
}

resource "azureadb2c_trustframework_keyset_key" "example" {
  keyset_id = azureadb2c_trustframework_keyset.example.id
  use       = "enc"
  type      = "RSA"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Schema

### Required

- `keyset_id` (String) The id of the keyset
- `type` (String) The kty (key type) parameter identifies the cryptographic algorithm family used with the key, The
  valid values are rsa, oct.
- `use` (String) The use (public key use) parameter identifies the intended use of the public key. The use parameter is
  employed to indicate whether a public key is used for encrypting data or verifying the signature on data. Possible
  values are: sig (signature), enc (encryption)

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes, Sensitive) Represents a JWK (JSON Web Key). TrustFrameworkKey is a JSON data structure that
  represents a cryptographic key. The structure of this resource follows the format defined in RFC 7517 Section 4. (
  see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>

### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `e` (String) RSA Key - public exponent
- `kid` (String) The unique identifier for the key.
- `kty` (String) The kty (key type) parameter identifies the cryptographic algorithm family used with the key, The valid
  values are rsa, oct.
- `n` (String) RSA Key - modulus
- `use` (String) The use (public key use) parameter identifies the intended use of the public key. The use parameter is
  employed to indicate whether a public key is used for encrypting data or verifying the signature on data. Possible
  values are: sig (signature), enc (encryption)
